docs: Event Listeners - edit pass (#769)
BuilderIO/qwik: packages/docs/src/pages/tutorial/events/basic/index.mdx

</html>
```

> 1. The APIs contain the `$` to ensure that your code contains them.

Reviewer: What it is trying to say is that type definition of APIs contain `$` so it is not like you can forget to put it there. 
```suggestion
1. The APIs contain the `$` to ensure that TypeScript can verify that your code usage of the API contains the `$` (it is not optional).
```

Is that better? If it is still confusing, happy to remove it.

> 1. The APIs contain the `$` to ensure that your code contains them.

Author: What about something like...

> Qwik APIs contain the `$` so TypeScript can identify areas of code to isolate for lazy-loading.

?

Just let me know if I'm way off track from your original intent 😀

> 1. The APIs contain the `$` to ensure that your code contains them.

Reviewer: It's more like
```
Qwik APIs contain the `$` so that: 
- Optimizer can transform your code for lazy loading
- Developer knows that magic happens here.

TypeScript is there to ensure that you don't skip any `$`
```

See if you can distill that into the text somehow.

> 1. The APIs contain the `$` to ensure that your code contains them.

Author: ```suggestion
1. APIs contain the `$` so the Qwik optimizer can transform your code for lazy-loading.
  - The `$` is a signals to that lazy-loading "magic" happens at this point.
  - TypeScript rules ensure you don't skip any places where the `$` should appear.
```

@mhevery - how's that?

Reviewer: ❤️  it

Reviewer: I would also add 
```
- The `$` is a signal to Optimizer to extract the code for lazy-loading
```
to the list at the first position.

> 2. The Optimizer looks for the `$` and extracts the function wrapped by `$` into a separate lazy-loadable chunk. (See the documentation to better understand how this is done.)

Reviewer: Link to `/docs/advanced/optimizer`

> 2. The Optimizer looks for the `$` and extracts the function wrapped by `$` into a separate lazy-loadable chunk. (See the documentation to better understand how this is done.)

Author: ```suggestion
2. The Optimizer looks for the `$` and extracts the function wrapped by `$` into a separate [lazy-loadable chunk](https://qwik.builder.io/docs/advanced/optimizer).
```
